6.6.7.0 (#42)
shopware/release-notes: src/6.6/6.6.7.0.md

---
nav:
  title: v6.6.7.0
meta:
  date: "2024-09-23"
---

# Release notes Shopware 6.6.7.0

## Abstract

This minor release contains some interesting features as well as technical improvements like Accessibility improvements and OpenTelemetry enhancements.

## System requirements

* tested on PHP 8.2 and 8.3
* tested on MySQL 8 and MariaDB 10.11

## Improvements

### Sales Channel Domain Mapping missing page

> Previously when you tried to access the shop with a unknown URL Shopware shown a exception page. No we should a page that this domain is not configured with steps how to configure it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when you tried to access the shop with an unknown URL, Shopware showed an exception page. Now we show a page that this domain is not configured with steps how to configure it.
```
